TED Talks are usually less than 10 to 15 minutes or so
partially because we just can't concentrate
for that long anymore.
There's so many competing alternatives and distractions
when you're presenting up there,
like smartphones, tablets, laptops,
and even some people wearing Google Glass
which we call glassholes.
Just kidding.
And it's only gonna get worse with virtual reality,
augmented reality, whatever.
It's not gonna get better.
And so, when I teach in class at universities,
I love showing little video clips or images
every five or 10 minutes in order to make
the overall presentation experience
just much more enjoyable.
And the measure of how great of a movie for me is
when I go to the theater
and I don't look at my watch even one time
the whole movie, which is very rare.
But when that happens, it's a great movie.
Great for me.
For example, recently with my son Andrew,
we went to go see Rogue One,
which was actually my favorite Star Wars movie.
I think 'cause my expectations were quite low,
and I didn't check my watch once during that whole movie.
Same thing with Avatar.
And in act number seven,
we're gonna talk about reading the audience
and trying to make sure that they are more engaged.
And if they're not engaged,
then I'll teach you how to change your style immediately
or skip to the next topic
so that they're always engaged.
And so, please take a risk
and show short video clips or a funny meme.